Quite a few people like to show off their iPhone 6 as a symbol of status. Apple has created such a brand with last year's technologies to lure people. While Samsung, LG, Motorola and other top Android manufacturers are pushing the limit of smart phone technologies, Apple has lagged behind for 1 year on the hardware front and 2 years on the software front with Google. I wrote another review regarding the camera comparison between iPhone 6, 6+, and LG G3. The photo samples are at https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B-mVIvj6SluAM0YzRGNZT0g5Snc&usp=sharing. While iPhone 6 and 6+'s camera has done better in the low light than LG G3, iPhone 6's camera captured completely blurred license plate numbers compared to the other 2 phones. That was embarrassing losing so much details. Samsung Galaxy S5 might have a better chance winning the low light test with iPhone 6 but the mountain picture shows the lack of details on the trees from iPhone 6's camera compared to LG G3's. I was able to see the differences from the phones and have another hiker who owned iPhone 6+ to verify them. The differences are more obvious if viewed on PC with large monitors. Not everything is bad about the camera, iPhone 6's camera actually did well capturing text in low light. Check the picture that has a yellow Chinese book. Zoom in and you'd see the text more clear than LG G3's. The file names tell you which picture belongs to which device.

On the software side, Apple finally allow accessing iCloud data via iCloud Drive following what Google did years back. So it's playing catchup. However, my test of iCloud backup failed intermittently. Most of the iOS 8 features are following Google's Android 4.4 or barely matching it. Some people may think having a fingerprint sensor makes the device more secure. Definitely not. If fingerprint unlock fails, it reverts to PIN unlock. Anyone who knows possible PIN numbers can unlock your iPhone 6 by bypassing the fingerprint unlock screen. I found this because the fingerprint unlock worked 45% of the time on me. What could be more embarrassing if you use Apple pay but fails. I will for sure be the customer in line next to the failed Apple pay user yelling "get out, there are more people behind me trying to checkout".

There are a few design decisions that make iOS 8 quite annoying. The most is mandatory password entry installing free apps. Android does not require that. One reason I can think of may be Apple does not want user to forget Apple ID's password. I've seen Android users fail to remember its Gmail password. Those dump ones are not using Google's string service back end and are usually the victims of converting to buying iPhones.

The other less annoying design decision is that it requires user touching OK for "[App] would like to access your [location/photo/etc…]". I had to touch OK at every prompt. I can't think of practical uses of not allowing the app to do its functionality. If you don't trust the app, maybe you should not have downloaded it. I've seen a user choosing not allow for Google search/maps resulting in find a Starbucks 1000 miles away (useless search result). The user was misled that someone was trying to snoop on her. Android takes a different approach showing users the access permissions at app download time. Which eliminates the needs to asking users for permission at each turn.

I believe the true price for iPhone 6 should be $400, not $650. The screen to body ratio is another sign of inferior hardware engineering. The top part of the phone from the edge of the screen to the top end measured in length is wider than LG G3. Such length is even wide on iPhone 6+. Apple should have pushed the screen edge to the top end of the phone. Such tiny space could only allow putting a speaker and a front camera. LG G2, G3 did it. But Apple failed. Remember Apple bought the IPS LCD screen from LG and have Foxconn assemble it. The pixel resolution for iPhone 6 is 720p, 6+: 1080p, LG G3: 1440p

