Feature to feature with Android, the most critical feature that's amiss with iPhone is the quality of their music services. This may sound astounding to you as it was to me but iTunes is one of the worst music software or general software application that exists. Portable music devices is what really put Apple over the top the last decade. So you'd imagine iTunes would just work like it's supposed to. You'd be surprised how bad it is if you're switching over from Android music services such as Amazon Music. I've had most of my music collection on Amazon Music. Switching to Apple I thought it would be as easy as subscribing to iTunes Match and pushing my collection to iTunes cloud. Not so simple. Using iTunes on my pc it failed to recognize more than half of my mp3s. Apparently, this is a known issue with users complaining on the Apple support forums about how poor the matching software is. It's slow when it works but most of the time it doesn't. In comparison, Amazon Music matching is a breeze. the quality of the code is superior. Now when you subscribe to iTunes Match you're supposed to get iTunes Radio without commercials. All I ever got was commercials on the iPhone and iTunes on PC. So this is a backend problem not necessarily tied to a device. The iTunes interface on iPhone is just horrible. The Music app to play your music is also horrible. The user experience is lacking with little update or innovation over the last several years.

The biggest problem with iTunes is that it's not an AppStore application but tightly integrated with iOS release. I'd imagine iTunes upgrades and enhancements would be markedly improved if it was separated out as it's own App Store app. There's little likelihood this will happen anytime soon, however, as there appears to be a monetary reason behind this intentional tightly coupled integration. When you use apps like Shazaam or SoundHound and intend to purchase a track you can only do so thru iTunes. That's also a drag. You can't purchase from, say, Amazon Music (android users know you can purchase tracks from any music provider on the platform). For apple to continue their music monopoly on IOS they have to package the music services as part of their platform, that there are technical reasons why they can't open up their platform to 3rd party music purchasing services. Therein lies their own demise of their music platform. There's little incentive to innovate. What's odd even still is how anti-trust lawsuits haven't surfaced already. If Microsoft can get slammed for shipping their own browser with their OS, then how is it that Apple can go unscathed for purposely limiting customers freedom to choose their music provider?

IOS is pretty good in general. It's definitely better than Android or a linux hacked OS. It's better quality software in general and I like the fact the hardware doesn't get hung up in some deadlock. I can almost always escape some kind of software locking through the home button which seems to force a hardware interrupt. It's a better system software for sure. iTunes and it's supporting software, however, is pure crap. Thumbs up if you think this review will help anyone else make their switch over from android.

