I got this one through TechnoMaster. Good seller this`s my 2nd iPhone Unlocked through this guys. This is iPhone 6 Model A1549, works with DIGITEL in Venezuela also LTE is properly working. I also try a Telefonica SIM in Mexico, and AT&T Sim in the US with no issues at all. Truly an unlocked one. Box come in original sealed package.

Why I choose 3 stars? Well, I`ve been an iPhone user since 1st gen iPhone, iPhone3, iPhone4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPhone 5S and meanwhile this iPhone 6... I`ll always felt better with every new iPhone until this one. I believe iPhone 5S is equal or a little faster than this iPhone 6, also the user experience with phone proportions is better in iPhone 5S. Is really annoying need to use the "smart small screen" function (press home button in a tricky way) because the screen is so big that you need to use both hands for some functions. Yes the bigger screen is great when you have the time to browse the web, read your emails and so on, also to people with vision issues (the bigger letters are simple better), BUT for me, I use this iPhone mainly LIKE A PHONE, and it is just better the iPhone 5S size for FULL and faster functionality with only one hand.

Also, I`m really MAD with iOs bugs, for example, if you use the "Vibrate/Sound" Button several times a day (I use it A LOT), well the iPhone just won`t sound at all, if you use Music it just muted, no matter how many times you press play/puse, stop, close all apps, turn switch to vibrate-sound 100times... if anoyone sent you a video through whatsapp it won`t sound, surfing the web: no sound, and so on... only fix: TURN OFF/ON your iphone... really??

Another anyoning bug: Assistive touch function, I told you guys before that the screen is too big to use with only one hand, allright, iOs has this pretty cool function that shows a virtual HOME BUTTON into ur screen (I used it a lot in my last iPhone 5S), well you put this litte cool button in the middle left or right of the screen (to have it near of ur finger, right?) well, iOs just troll you and move it into the farest corner just to avoid you little finger to use it and have to use again: BOTH HANDS, ok you got me, where`s the hidden camera guys?...

Another bug? iCloud control panel for windows sucks, iCloud photos stop sync (with PC or mac) when it wants, just simply dont work.

Another one? Sometimes is just slow... with 5-10 apps openend or no one, iOs animation slows the use experience, even if you DISABLE animation in advance options...

I`ve been using this iPhone6 for almost two months, and I`m not totally happy with it, its the more expensive phone I ever own, I wish I had for almost 1.000 bucks: the same coolest screen size, FASTER phone with a BRILLIANT iOS like it was in golden Apple years... this one its not the better I have owned.

