This is my 2nd iPhone (Verizon), coming from an iPhone 5.
I'm an Apple enthusiast so this was an obvious choice for me.

Overall, the phone is awesome but I not necessarily suggest anyone immediately upgrade from the 5/5s unless they are compelled to do so.
It is fast opening and closing apps, websites, etc. but not a huge difference to make me suggest to hurry up and buy it.
I only got an iPhone 6 because my daughter was in need of her first iPhone, so it made sense to give her my old iPhone 5.
The screen response is perfect and the thumb print works 90% of the time and is really convenient to get into the phone.

There are a few shortcomings, however:
1. The protruding rear camera lens is just stupid - so you really can't set the naked phone on its back without worrying about it.
2. The rolled edges on the glass are just stupid - this means that a screen protector cannot go edge to edge. It also means that most any case will have a gap between it and the glass at the eye of the case.
3. Too thin - yes, this phone is too thin - hence the protruding rear camera issue. Thinness also contributes to making the phone very slippery and very easy to drop. Maybe that is what Apple wants - drop the phone often so you have to replace it often?
4. Confounding the thinness issue are the rounded edges. Rounded edges make many cases very easy to slip off, or at least not fit as snug as they otherwise could.
5. Not case friendly: Thin + round edge + rolled glass edges = a very unfriendly phone to accepting cases and screen protectors. Overall, I find the old iPhone 5/5s much easier to fit a case to it and install a screen protector.

So, the iPhone 6 is a very cool device. For everyday use like email and Internet, I really do not notice any speed difference, but some web pages open slightly faster. Buy this phone for increased screen size. I like the screen size, but would probably have bought a smaller (normal?) screen if they made that - the added size does make it a bit less "pocketable." The 6+ seems like it would be too large for most folks - where do you carry it? I ended up with the Otterbox Defender case, BTW, and it seems to work out fine and is very protective and still fits in my back pocket, shirt pocket, or cargo-pant pocket (I drop my phone a lot, so it suits my needs).

I use it for work, play, investing and checking stocks, pictures, video, texting, notes, to-do list, play guitar with iRig, music, emergency flashlight, reading news, reading Kindle books, watching YouTube and Amazon instant video, running apps, hands-free phone in car, and the list goes on and on. What other purchase on the planet enables so many things to be done with it? A smart phone is a no-brainer, really. So, at this point I will always have an iPhone. And my wife and daughter have iPhones too. Just so convenient on so many levels and essential to stay in touch in a busy lifestyle. Pictures do seem crisper with this phone. You can't go wrong with this device. Period.

But that does not mean it is perfect - the physical deficiencies I have noted, IMHO, are a step backwards for this device, performance aside. The protruding camera, really, by today's standards and by Apple's design theme of sleekness, is just stupid and very unexpected. But, at the end of the day, it is an iPhone and functionally it does exactly what I have come to expect it to do.

